# Backyard Game Result Keeper
A Simple Web Application for Cornhole Scorekeeping built with ASP.NET MVC/WebAPI 4.7.2 Framework

The project this semester has proven especially difficult as a student with a primarily macOS-based development environment. While I was able to use Parallels to manage the Semester 1 material, as of this time, there are documented difficulties for macOS users with M-series chips and working with MSSQL. I am sure many of my cohort have felt similar difficulties. I was able to secure a Windows-based solution, in the form of a 12-year-old HP All-in-One Touchscreen (which is secretly, very fun and cool to use) but has serious hardware limitations. Building this project took upwards of 90-120 seconds per attempt, so it was very discouraging when faced with an error, trying a fix, and then the error repeating (or a new error) and then 5 minutes has gone by of sitting around. I think if C# and ASP.NET is to be a priority for me - I need to improve my dev environment.

That being said, I began rebuilding my project following the MVP feedback, so I am happy with the progress I was able to make in less than 3 days of time. This database works in a way that is much easier for Controllers to work with, although it does require some difficult statements when it comes to figuring out if a Team entity is Team1 OR Team2 when it comes to a Result. I was able to get all the basic CRUD functionality working, to some degree, but am clearly facing some difficulties when bringing it all together and working with multiple tables in the current iteration.

Overall, I believe this current iteration of the app is in a much better place from a foundational standpoint than my MVP submission, and has many of the structural elements in place. It presently suffers from a lack of love as my existing dev environment does not allow me to spend the time I would like producing my desired result.
